        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 3.1-1

OVERVIEW

    o Internal changes to satisfy package checker.


        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 3.1-0

OVERVIEW

    o Boundary-corrected kernel density estimation on the positive half-line.
    
    o Bandwidth selection by non-random bootstrap.

    o Minor improvements to documentation.

NEW FUNCTIONS

    o bw.taylor
    Bandwidth selection for kernel density estimation
    using Taylor's non-random bootstrap 

    o densityBC
    An extension of density.default that includes boundary corrections
    for truncation of the density to the positive half line.

    o densityAdaptiveKernel.default
    Variable-bandwidth kernel density estimation,
    with optional boundary correction. 

    o dkernelBC
    Evaluate the boundary corrected kernel

        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 3.0-1

OVERVIEW

    o quantiles using linear approximation.

    o extract the knots of a weighted CDF

NEW FUNCTIONS

    o knots.ewcdf
    Method for generic 'knots' for extracting the jump points of a weighted
    cumulative distribution function (object of class 'ewcdf').

SIGNIFICANT USER-VISIBLE CHANGES

    o quantile.ecdf, quantile.ewcdf
    Now supports type=4 (linear interpolation).

    o quantilefun.ecdf, quantilefun.ewcdf
    Now supports type=4 (linear interpolation).


        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 3.0-0

OVERVIEW

    o Abramson adaptive bandwidths.

    o Adaptive kernel smoothing.

    o Digits in the decimal representation of a number.

    o Unique representatives in a vector or data frame.
    
    o Bug fix in weighted.quantile.

    o Internal improvements.

NEW FUNCTIONS

    o bw.abram
    Generic function for computing Abramson adaptive bandwidths.

    o bw.abram.default
    Default method for computing Abramson adaptive bandwidths for numerical data.
    o densityAdaptiveKernel
    Generic function moved from spatstat.explore to spatstat.univar.

    o rounding, rounding.default
    Functions moved from spatstat.geom to spatstat.univar.

    o firstdigit, lastdigit, ndigits
    Digits in the decimal representation of a number.

    o uniquemap
    Generic function moved from spatstat.geom to spatstat.univar.
    
    o uniquemap.default
    Method for mapping duplicate entries to unique entries in a vector.
    Moved from spatstat.geom to spatstat.univar.

    o uniquemap.data.frame, uniquemap.matrix
    Method for mapping duplicate rows to unique rows in a data frame.
    Moved from spatstat.geom to spatstat.univar.
    
BUG FIXES

    o weighted.quantile
    Implementation was incorrect for type=2.
    Fixed.
    
        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 2.0-3

OVERVIEW

    o Minor corrections to package information.
    
        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 2.0-2

OVERVIEW

    o Minor corrections to package information.
    
        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 2.0-1

OVERVIEW

    o Minor corrections to package information.
    
        CHANGES IN spatstat.univar VERSION 2.0-0

OVERVIEW

    o First release of package. 
    
